ZIP 315: specify trust policies relating to shielding transparent UTXOs (#1065)
zcash/zips: zips/zip-0315.rst

A shielding transaction is always linked to the transparent addresses it
spends from. This can cause undesirable information leaks:

> a) if the inputs to the transaction associated with multiple transparent
>    addresses, they will be linked to each other;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) if the inputs to the transaction are associated with multiple transparent
   addresses, those addresses will be linked to each other;
```

* 10 confirmations, for untrusted TXOs;
* 3 confirmations, for trusted TXOs.

> Wallets MUST NOT permit the spending of TXOs with fewer than 3 confirmations,

Reviewer: @nuttycom will file an issue about this.

* 10 confirmations, for untrusted TXOs;
* 3 confirmations, for trusted TXOs.

> Wallets MUST NOT permit the spending of TXOs with fewer than 3 confirmations,

Reviewer 2: Doesn't this conflict with sending to a TEX address?

Author: Ah, yeah, TEX secondary transactions need to be exempted explicitly.

--------------------------------------------

A TXO is *known-spendable*, relative to a given block chain and wallet
state, if and only if all of the following are true in that state:

* the TXO is unspent at the wallet's view of the chain tip, and that view is
  reasonably up-to-date;

  TODO: consider undoing the up-to-date part, as when combined with the
  definition of balance below, it causes wallet balance to drop to zero in
  the short window between opening and updating the wallet's chain tip view.
* the TXO is not committed to be spent in another unexpired transaction created
  by this wallet; and
* the wallet can effect the spend, either by having access to the TXO's
  spending key (for whatever protocol the TXO uses) or by mediating interaction
  with a hardware device or other offline signing protocol.

Shielded TXOs
'''''''''''''

A shielded TXO is *confirmed-spendable*, relative to a given block chain and
wallet state, if and only if all of the following are true in that state:

* the TXO is known-spendable; and
* the wallet has sufficient contextual information to be able to effect the
  spend (i.e. it is able to construct required witnesses, etc.); and

> * one of the follwing is true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* one of the following is true:
```
